## 3. OpenSea Fees 

Opensea is the OG marketplace for all digital items including NFT's. Opensea launched on Polygon Matic in July 2021 and here we look into the fees collected by Opensea. Opensea collects a flat 2.5% fees on the transaction and the below dashboard dissects the fees collected and the top 10 projects by fees on the Polygon network. While the fees can be collected in various tokens, upon analysing the transactions we figure out that all of the fees in ETH bar a negligible amount in DAI. The dashboard displays the fees in ETH & USD, below are the key highlights from our analysis.

* The fees earned on the Polygon network are close to a million dollars until August 20th, 2021.
* OpenSea on Polygon has processed 120K transactions, resulting in a fee collection of 409 ETH.
* The daily fees produced by Opensea on Polygon have increased significantly showing a clear uptrend.
* 99 percent of all fees are generated by just 10 projects.
* ZED Horse is the top project collecting 85% of the fees and accounting for nearly 40% of the transactions.
* 50% of the transactions are made by the longtail rest of the projects, yet they only rake in less than 1% of the fees from them.
* Smaller-value transactions on Polygon are viable due to the low transaction cost of the platform.


<iframe width="1024" height="612" src="https://app.powerbi.com/view?r=eyJrIjoiMDU5NTM4ZjMtOTcyYi00MjBiLWE4YzYtNTg4OWIyNDNmYTM4IiwidCI6ImIyNzI1YWM4LTMyY2MtNDhjZS1iYTdmLTc4MmFlYjQxNTUwYSJ9" frameborder="0" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe>
####### ETH value in the dashboard is static and doesn't filter on interactions.

''''''''


<iframe width="1024" height="612" src="https://app.powerbi.com/view?r=eyJrIjoiM2ZjNmM0YWItZTQzNy00MDUzLWE1MWItODZhMDlhNWI1Y2EyIiwidCI6ImIyNzI1YWM4LTMyY2MtNDhjZS1iYTdmLTc4MmFlYjQxNTUwYSJ9" frameborder="0" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe>
#### Developer Notes

#### Links
###### Link to Query : <https://app.flipsidecrypto.com/dashboard/open-sea-polygon-VW95Bn>
